now for the first time ever it's Walt
Disney's classic Lady and the Tramp this
animated treasure is yours to own and
enjoy forever in a very special release
from Disney home video you'll meet tramp
who falls tail over heels for lady it's
full of danger and romance
and the trash available for a limited
time only you're just in time because
right now you can enjoy all the fun
madness of Lewis Carroll's classic tale
Alice in Wonderland I have an idea let's
change the subject
as Dumbo takes to the skies and lands
straight in your heart here it is
Disney's unforgettable classic story of
a baby elephant born with oversized need
then get set for the Academy Award
winning motion picture Mary Poppins in
fact there's only one word to describe
her walk tis these musical masterpiece
Mary Poppins
now you can add to your mini classic
collection the award-winning Donald in
math magic land where trees have square
roots and math is fun it all adds up to
a healthy sum of logic and lacks you
find yourself singing along to great
songs from Jungle Book and Disney
singalong songs the bare necessities
simple bare necessities forget about
your worries and your strife
it's ducktail the popular Disney series
that has everybody waking up follow Huey
Dewey and Louie and all your favourite
feathered friends through wild new
adventures direct from the town of
Duckburg baddest action-packed
adventures with a Rescue Rangers
Chip and Dale leave their pint-sized
crowd has saved the day
Plus heartwarming fun and fantasy with
the new adventures of winnie the pooh
journey to the Hundred Acre Wood has
spent some time with Pooh Tigger rabbit
and the gang these magical titles are
yours to collect and treasure forum from
Walt Disney home video